Thomas: Cool. Let's i'm gonna start recording, and you do the same, and we can go for a clap and see if we figure that way.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, let's try. All right. Okay, Recording: I'm: Recording: okay, how should we do the clap? Maybe all clap, and then yeah, you clap first and then I'll i'm going to clap.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, no. The zoom doesn't hear yours. But whatever that's so weird it's because of the whatever thing you need to do that we don't need to do to fix whatever thing you know.
Thomas: I wonder if it's because I have this on. Let me experiment with something that's going to take like 2 s. Yeah.
Thomas: I wonder if I turn this thing off. What about now?
Thomas: Can you hear that? No.
Joseph Howlett: weird?
Thomas: All right? Never mind. Yeah, I guess we just had a lot.
Joseph Howlett: Okay.
Joseph Howlett: So
Joseph Howlett: you start
Thomas: Okay? Well, I guess. Let's talk, Meta for a second. I don't have as much of a plan as I would like to.
Thomas: I. This is like a planning call.
Thomas: but you know we're gonna be talking about the shit. I think we should like talk about our feelings about
Thomas: Evan, and like what the idea is, and sort of fuck it through. And hopefully we end up with something that's useful. Maybe we throw it all the way if we end up using it. It's going to be really really short, you know, and how long it can.
Thomas: so I don't know an authentic way to dive in. I think the orders of business that we have are like
Thomas: a.
Thomas: you know, talking about our feelings.
Thomas: Be talking about like what we want to get out of the Sedona trip.
Thomas: and like See? Talking about the clips that we collected. I guess it might be good for us to go over them together. Yeah, totally. Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: I mean, I could say about the clips like I
Joseph Howlett: as always when you're looking at your clips like you think there's a bunch of tape that there isn't right like I kept thinking there was gonna be all these perfect things that I didn't get. There are some that are really good.
Thomas: Yeah, I had the same experience where, like I remember the first time I went through it was like, oh, my God, this is gold, and then when I actually needed it, it's like it's not there. But there are a couple that we're good home. Let me pull up my notes
Thomas: here.
Thomas: Yeah, I got a lot of them like really long quotes. There's there's one i'll say that the when we got back. I told you this Recently, when we got back together
Joseph Howlett: a week after the Ashley call. Yeah, we really pushed Evan a little bit, and it's a Really, it's kind of like the conversation we intend to have, and like we.
Joseph Howlett: I you were nicer, and then I was a little less nice, and I was like I was like. You know what you just you keep saying. You're not whatever. But what you just said is like, actually, you think she was fake. And
Joseph Howlett: then. then, whatever whatever like. We talk about it for a while. But then, at the end of the call, you're like, yeah. So I feel like
Joseph Howlett: Evan, you, Tom, Tom says so. I feel like, Evan, you're saying like, ultimately, you would recommend a psychic to somebody, and and I think I would, would you, Joe? And I say, yeah, I definitely would. And then everyone says, Well.
Joseph Howlett: I can. We just like he's like he's like.
Joseph Howlett: I mean. And I would say it's really important to give the context of what we're talking about, whatever whatever. And then i'm like. Wait, wait! Can we dive back into that? And then we like kind of end the call we're like. No, we've been talking for so long, but and i'm matt, i'm mad that we ended the call because I was like I was, but it is still good tape, because it's like it's maybe like, Wait, that's you're doing it.
Thomas: Did you listen to the conversation we had right after actually as well, or did you only do the second?
Thomas: I did all of them, you know, and we also do it in the first one. Yeah, we do in the first one where
Thomas: I mean, Hold on. I'm going through my notes here.
Thomas: So i'm talking about my experience with Ashley, and he goes. So it sounds like it was real for you.
Thomas: And he goes
Thomas: Because, yeah, I was going through my head like, is this information Googleable, you know? Yeah, yeah.
Thomas: And he and he even literally says right. I was resistant to some of the things that she was saying.
Thomas: You know, he he said he was resistant to some of it, and some of it was harder to hear than other things. Some of it, he thought, was really spot on. I also think that like listening to it now?
Thomas: I wasn't as blown away with her responses to Evan. At least, what what did you think? Did you listen to that.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, I did I I
Joseph Howlett: Still. it's a good question.
Joseph Howlett: No, I I really think she was spot on with Evan, even on the most recent. Listen. I I think she got a perfect read on him as a human, and his lacks and needs and
Joseph Howlett: barriers and stuff in like a yeah shockingly short time.
Thomas: It. It really was impressive. You know her ability to pick things up on him like you know her saying, you know, I bet you wouldn't be the first person in the room to cry right
Thomas: like that where it's like. It's weird that you get that.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, and it's very clear that I mean, I don't know I really like this.
Joseph Howlett: Her
Joseph Howlett: more futurey stuff for him. I still see as being his future like. I think history is going to bear out. Although it's been a year, I still think history is going to bear out that
Thomas: all the things she said about his future right. I think he's going to meet his husband and a yoga studio. Yeah, I mean, that really makes sense to me. So I mean, I I think maybe would be useful like.
Thomas: if not for the tape, but for our own pre intervention purposes. I guess we should also, by the end of this call, like, have a pretty firm plan of what we're going to do during the intervention.
Thomas: Yeah. So
Thomas: what was I gonna say? I like? Maybe we could start with talking about you? Should we just talk about Evan
Thomas: like, and yeah, go there, I mean, I I. So I take one more tape takeaway. That's also yeah to Evan is like this is more general. He.
Joseph Howlett: he really there's a lot of tape of us talking about whether he's resistant and his outlook towards it, and whenever he does that he talks about it in this language
Joseph Howlett: that's really open, and it's like no, I mean I don't know, and whatever, and I believe him when he's saying those things that
Joseph Howlett: it's when it comes down to any one specific. Did this thing work? Was she right about this?
Joseph Howlett: He's always like for every single individual one. He's like, No, that's wrong. For this reason like it's it's it's always when it gets concrete that he has the travel, and it's really hard to convince somebody
Joseph Howlett: that right, because they can always just say, well, no. In this interest she was wrong. For this reason, you know, like.
Thomas: Yeah. So
Thomas: Yeah, I I have the same feeling. And he also like always says this thing that he said to me like in conversation about like unrelated things.
Thomas: or maybe related. I guess
Thomas: I don't know. Maybe we should start like what? Why don't we like like actually start talking about Evan. So we don't like end up with this weird like out of order thing. Let's let's talk about that.
Thomas: Yeah. So
Thomas: I think you and I agree that of the 3 of us Evan is the most resistant to anything spiritual or W, who, no matter what we end up throwing at the guy he's always like. Well, I don't know like he's. He's kind of coming at every situation that we've been broiled ourselves in with this attitude like this is probably bullshit, and i'm not my mind isn't totally made up. I'm willing to see things.
Thomas: but like it. It starts from this point of skepticism, where I think you and I
Thomas: have been able to.
Thomas: if not, turn off that part of ourselves. to let it be to the side, and be open minded, and allow new things to come in and like, weigh them together without like a preconceived
Thomas: bias.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah. And it's more complicated because definitely the thing he is most resistant to is the notion that he is being resisted. Yeah, and having difficulty accepting these things so like it's, you know it's hard. You go Want to tell somebody what what's in their head, you know.
Thomas: but I mean it's pretty clear to me what's in his head, which is stupid, and he and it's dumb, and it it doesn't have anything to offer him and like, maybe it's okay for other people who are wrong. But it's not okay for me. Who's right?
Joseph Howlett: Well, then, we both have a version of the same thing in our head, right like we. We all have that voice. So I I think, like I can see what he's dealing with.
Joseph Howlett: I just
Joseph Howlett: it just feels he's like he's the furthest away
Joseph Howlett: from the kind of
Joseph Howlett: real awakening type experience. We're all hoping and get out of this, and which I think he well, I don't know. Is he sincerely hoping to get one.
Okay.
Thomas: I I don't think so. I I think he's
Thomas: excited about this project, and he's interested. But it it doesn't seem to me like he would be thrilled if he had.
Thomas: like
Thomas: you know this mind-opening experience. But if he had it, he would think it was great, but I don't think he expects that it's possible.
Thomas: and I think he like
Thomas: kind of maybe doesn't want it to happen, and just kept everything we do right like we. We went to some some religious meetings right and afterward, like it said, like everything you said was like, oh, no, it's not for me like.
Thomas: and it just seems so apparent to me that this guy's attitude is, this is all bullshit, but he doesn't want to say that I don't know if it's because he doesn't want to be negative. I'm not sure exactly why, like
Joseph Howlett: when I was more like I than in the past, I would happily tell you. Yes, I think all of this. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I mean, like he, he.
Joseph Howlett: he definitely is like, since really really intrigued by all this stuff and all these people. And but it's like as a curiosity, and more than I want that. And and he is very much like, what are they getting out of this? Which is one of our questions, that it's the one he goes back to most.
Joseph Howlett: whereas you and me, I think, See what they get out of it and want it a little bit. Yeah. And there's some times when we've explained our podcast to the people where i'll say that we are trying to experience these things, and he'll like kind of push back or rew it. If he's there he'll be like. Well, I wouldn't say we're trying to experience the things we're just trying to see.
Joseph Howlett: Understand what it is that people get out of them, which is interesting because that's like a miss.
Joseph Howlett: I don't know it's a miss. It's a it's a dissonance between our ideas of what the podcast is. Yeah, we're not even on the same page about what the project we've spent over a year working on it. Yeah, like a problem. We probably have to figure that out Well, well, but it's interesting, because, like I was listening to the interview you Well, I don't.
Joseph Howlett: I don't know if we want to say this in the past. I'll say that some of our interviews I some of our interviews. When I go back and listen. He asks the best questions
Thomas: because
Joseph Howlett: of his difficulty finding the way in, and he asks follow ups that we don't that really clarify things like I think it's like
Thomas: his view on this stuff is a lot of the listeners views. Probably, you know. I I think so, and like also, he's kind of the perfect foil for what? The whole point of this project was right like we wanted to find out whether there's something you can get from
Thomas: the who who spiritual mystical side of life that you can't get from anywhere else, and like, is there some way that we can bring the skeptics the kind of people that we used to be on board with this stuff. You and I are like kind of close to crossing over, if we haven't already.
Thomas: But he's still in that former camp which is who we're trying to reach. So I think if we can't reach Evan with this stuff, we're not going to reach anyone like he's in the room with us. If he's not. No one's going to be.
Joseph Howlett: That's right. Yeah. I mean.
Joseph Howlett: this is out of order. But there's a so we can cut this out of order. There is a moment in the priest that in the interview with Father Hyacinth, where Evan
Joseph Howlett: asked him like.
Joseph Howlett: So you don't think like you don't think somebody could live a really, truly fulfilling life without spirituality. And it's really kind of a gossip. Moment like the priest has to say that yeah, he does think that he thinks it's impossible to have a truly fulfilled life without this dimension.
Joseph Howlett: And actually he said something similar to him. Ashley said he needed to find in some kind of spiritual practice, and I get why someone would chaff at that kind of idea, like I know a lot of very comfortable atheists in my life who are good people and and very sweet and loving, and I don't want them to change. So I I I like don't know.
Joseph Howlett: I could see how he feels some resistance to
Joseph Howlett: I don't know, I I think. Is that right like that? Is that what is the answer to that question? Does somebody need a spiritual dimension to their life to feel really fulfilled. Well, I think, before we answer that question, what even is a spiritual dimension of your life. What does that exactly
Thomas: mean? Like if we're talking to Catholic priest?
Thomas: I think what he believes probably is that you can't have a fulfilled, fulfilled life. Without.
Thomas: You know the experience of Catholicism right
Thomas: where other people. you know. I like maybe someone who's kind of like more on the western end of Buddhism would probably be way more open-minded about it. So what are we talking about? Is it like a connection
Thomas: to the universe, or like feelings about the meaning of life like, what even is it?
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, it's one of these things. It's like, very. You're right. It's hard to put your finger on. I just know that there is a dimension to life that I am obsessed with, and can't get away from.
Joseph Howlett: Can't look away from, and can't imagine.
Joseph Howlett: not being a part of my life, which i'm certain is fully absent from Avon's life.
Joseph Howlett: and I don't know what that is, but I know that there's something
Joseph Howlett: there's a bug that I have that he doesn't. And I want to know how you make a guy like that. And he's like, I like that. Okay, yeah, right. I think you and I probably both agree that Evan is kind of not okay in a way, right now. We're in the same page about that.
Joseph Howlett: I mean, I don't know i'm not in New York anymore. So it's it's hard. I mean. I think if I was
Joseph Howlett: in the place that he's in from the outside. I think I would be having kind of a hard time like I i'm worried about him.
Thomas: Yeah, I mean. Then let's talk about what that place is, we'll we'll see whether it's okay with the yeah, Probably not. But well, maybe he's he's pretty open. He's open anything right? Yeah, open to everybody. So Evan Doesn't have a job.
Thomas: He has been looking for a job for 2 or 3 years. He keeps getting really close. He keeps getting to what seems like the final interview. Seems like they're going to give him the job doesn't happen.
Thomas: He's living in an apartment that he's going to get kicked out of in a couple of months he doesn't have another place to go and rent it in. New York is through the roof, and he doesn't have a job.
Thomas: and he launched a startup which has been, You know it. So it's like recently. It's going in a more positive direction, but it's been really rocky.
Thomas: and I mean, it's a start up. Yeah. So that's like a tumultuous experience. Yeah. And and it hasn't been immediately positive at least, which isn't to say it's not gonna work out.
Thomas: He's, as I understand it, Like not dating. He's certainly not looking for a partner. He doesn't have one.
Thomas: He never really talks about his dating life.
Thomas: But I think he's just not dating at the moment.
Thomas: I mean he's so busy he's he's the most the most daisy guy I've ever met. It's crazy, and he's unemployed.
Thomas: and he's on the point. And yet there's no busier man on earth you can't get. You can't get a minute on this guy's calendar.
Thomas: and if we said that to him he would flip out and be like that's not true at all. Yeah, I mean like.
Joseph Howlett: So the last element is the thing i'm most obsessed with. So for me he
Joseph Howlett: got out of any the most serious relationship of his life, and an incredible, incredible and an incredibly serious relationship by any measure. Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: in a really painful extended. or soden actually complicated break up. And
Joseph Howlett: that was more than a year ago. Maybe it was 2. It was more than a year ago.
Joseph Howlett: and he immediately so he or he continued to launch a startup like he has been so busy since then. I think he really processed it at the time.
Joseph Howlett: But when I look at his life as this like backseat driver I like.
Joseph Howlett: That's the part I worry about like I see this guy who went through this really really painful break up of a really really serious relationship and years out. Still isn't dating. I get it like that. That stuff is serious and takes time to process. But i'm wondering if he's actually
Joseph Howlett: doing that.
Thomas: Yeah, I mean, so if we go back to what the psychic told him. Right? We actually said, is he? You know, she said. She feels like he Hasn't tapped into the depth of his soul and his intuition right, and he's doing all this stuff to keep himself busy, and they take up his time.
Thomas: But when it comes to his depth and his development. There's some digging that needs to be done that he isn't doing, and I I kind of think that that's true. You know Evan is a wonderful guy. He's probably my best friend.
Thomas: you know. Known him for 7 or 8 years. Now.
Thomas: there's a certain kind of like emotional plunging, and like searching, that I have never really seen him do with like a couple of very few exceptions. And I talked to him about this. I said like, you know, you never talk about your feelings essentially.
Thomas: There's this like depth that you don't go to. And he said
Thomas: that he's just not the kind of person that needs to do that. He doesn't process stuff out loud the way that you and I do.
Thomas: and it.
Thomas: And it came back to this question
Thomas: for him that he how about a lot of the spiritual stuff which is like? I just don't know what i'm missing. I don't know what I could get from this stuff, but i'm not getting anywhere else. I don't think I need it. and I it. Therefore I I think
Thomas: he's not open minded to it because he needs to see something that he can get before he's willing to try. But it's not really about trying something. It's about experiencing it, which are 2 different things.
Thomas: But with this kind of stuff maybe you can't experience it unless you're open to it.
Thomas: and i'll say one more thing.
Thomas: This is very rambling, so we're not going to include it all.
Thomas: He said the same thing to me before he met his most recent partner years ago we were walking, you know, in Harlem, and he said he'd like
Thomas: wasn't in a serious relationship basically hadn't been ever, and he just like, I don't know I don't. I don't know what you could get from that like I see other people. They seem to be happy, but like doesn't make sense to me. I just don't understand what they need is for that my life is already very fulfilling.
Thomas: and like for him, I think it's really important to him that his life is fulfilling, and everything is good. And there's nothing that he needs that he doesn't have, like he's really stuck on that belief
Thomas: which is funny, because if you ask me, I would say, no. My life is empty and meaningless. There's nothing that couldn't be better. I'm constantly grasping at straws for any. Yeah, I I mean, I think I think
Joseph Howlett: well, and then say, like. how differently he feels after that relationship, right like he told you that
Joseph Howlett: back in the day. But now, what what could someone ever get out of love? But then.
Thomas: after that break up, he said, oh, now I know. Yeah, he figured it out. It turns out like
Thomas: turns out that being in love and having a partner is good is is like part of the human experience. Yeah, there's a reason that literally everyone else is doing it. Ev: so it's it.
Joseph Howlett: It's Where can I go? It's striking me that the Ashley stuff could be a bit of an anchor here because you've read that, and I was like well, Fuck, she said, that a year ago that shit is way more true now
Joseph Howlett: even than it was then right that he's filling his time with all of these things. And he's not actually
Joseph Howlett: confronting like the more fundamental needs and issues.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah. And I wonder if he and he was so unreceptive to that idea when when she said it, he was like, No, this doesn't really make any sense to me. I would wonder if he heard of that now. Would he feel
Joseph Howlett: like? There's more of an opening in his life now to that possibility that that's what he needs.
Thomas: Yeah, I mean that's such a well phrased point that we could end on that. But let's keep going.
Thomas: I I think I posed this question to him. I like relying on my floor, you know we'd like done a bunch of work on this other project we're doing, and we were just like kind of hanging out drinking some wine.
Thomas: and I said this to him. I said, like you just there's this
Thomas: your
Thomas: I said. You know of all the people I know there's a certain level of intimacy that you arrive at more quickly than the average person.
Thomas: Yeah, by a mile. But then there's this depth
Thomas: to him that I feel like you never really get so he's like super open, and also closed at the same time, and, like Ashley, picked up on this like you were saying. I mean she literally said it, she said.
Thomas: She feels like there's a window that's opening to this lower depth, but he's not ready to go there, and like. There's some issues that need to be addressed it. But going in that direction is scary or not even scary, but just something that's not a priority, right?
Thomas: And but she said, you know the next relationship you're going to be in.
Thomas: The good one is gonna come after you found that depth. That's her psychic prediction for him.
Joseph Howlett: Yes, so what we need to do is make him have a mystical experience in Sedona, so that we create this next relationship for him, because then he's going to go back to New York. He'll go to a yoga studio. He'll meet with his his husband, and like game over and and and we can officiate the wedding, and and he can express his gratitude
Thomas: So our goal, like we're gonna make this episode of the podcast. We're gonna fix Evan's life. And then he's gonna find a husband. And then years from now he's gonna to think that he's gonna get down on his knees and say, you guys were right.
Joseph Howlett: I was wrong. I wish i'd listen to you
Thomas: it but it Well, let me ask you this.
Thomas: How are these things connected? Right? Because you and I, I think, independently of all this spiritual stuff
Thomas: we're we're exploring. Have both
Thomas: arrived at the conclusion that there's this emotional depth with Evan that we don't get as some of his closest friends. We never get to see it. I kind of wonder if he even goes there in his own mind.
Thomas: He talks about that when you confront him about that, he just. He has the same reaction
Thomas: that he does to all of this spiritual stuff, right? What's the connection there?
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, I mean, maybe
Joseph Howlett: I don't know. Maybe this is too simplistic, but it's like. I think those dimensions are kind of
Joseph Howlett: kind of the same thing like to me. We're talking about the contemplative part of
Joseph Howlett: what living I think, and and I don't know, like at least the parts of religion that I've always connected with, have been those kind of contemplative ones that are about
Joseph Howlett: a looking inward. But then also like
Joseph Howlett: quieting down and opening up, You know what I mean. Like it's the to kind of go together, and I feel like
Joseph Howlett: I don't know, like
Joseph Howlett: I,
Joseph Howlett: when I look at people like oven who go to therapy.
Joseph Howlett: are staunchly atheist, Dick.
Joseph Howlett: rationalistic, but like also pretty introspective, although we're saying maybe he isn't. I I just wonder if you can have that dimension
Joseph Howlett: without spirituality like maybe
Joseph Howlett: is.
Joseph Howlett: is it is looking. Yeah, the the 2 things are saying is looking, and we're delving deep the same thing as spirituality.
Thomas: Well, we've talked a lot about how the difference between
Thomas: spiritual, You know, inner journeys, whatever that means.
Thomas: and you know the more left brain science approach to the world is a difference in ways of knowing the truth about your experience and about reality like one. Then the Wu side is more based on intuition and feeling, and just like kind of knowing that things are right or true somehow, and then the other is about like empirical evidence, and, like the scientific method and human progress and understanding, and like this ability to like fit the world into this little box, if not today, than someday, if we just keep working
Thomas: really hard. And that would kind of explain it right if there's this like personal introspective, you know, feeling side that Evan isn't willing
Thomas: or doesn't want to, or isn't able to confront
Thomas: that might make sense to why he's, you know, close off to all the spiritual stuff. So it's possible that if we can get him to open up and let some of this spiritual mind thinking into his life.
Thomas: then maybe it would help with all of these broader issues that we think he has to, because it all seems connected right like it. It doesn't seem like a coincidence that he's got all these like blockages in terms of like. What is he doing with his life, or what is the plan like? How is he going to make a living? Where is he going to live?
Thomas: Why doesn't he have a boyfriend at all like? Why, doesn't he meditate, or you know. Why is he unwilling to entertain the idea that segregs are real? Yeah, the way that he reacts with the same kind of defensiveness when you say that he's closed off to introspection or religion
Joseph Howlett: like
Joseph Howlett: he reacts the same way. That kind of says that these are related.
Thomas: Yeah, areas. I
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, I okay. But
Joseph Howlett: if you want to induce a conversion, experience.
Joseph Howlett: step 2 is to put them in the beautiful open space and make this cool stuff happen. Step one is to get them to a place
Joseph Howlett: where they're seeing the part of themselves. That's kind of
Joseph Howlett: in need of
Joseph Howlett: reorientation, like, I think. Yeah, I think if we never get him to the point.
Joseph Howlett: If he doesn't feel that this moment in his life is pivotal and
Joseph Howlett: some sort of a crisis, and that there is something missing. I don't know that we can overwhelm him with that
Joseph Howlett: reception.
Thomas: Yeah, I I mean, I i'm reminded of a conversation that the 3 of us had
Thomas: where you and I were talking about Buddhism, right? And they're one of the fundamental truths of Buddhism that, like the the wise teacher, will say, and everyone in the room nods because it's so obviously the case is that everything in life is suffering right.
Thomas: and you know most most people get it. I think, when you say that.
Thomas: Evan, when he heard this, what are you talking about? That's not true at all. Life is good, and I I kind of feel like. You know.
Thomas: everyone deals with difficult things as they're growing into an adult person, and throughout their lives right? And some people like you and me
Thomas: deal with that through this like kind of grasping, endless search for self improvement. And I think maybe other people, you know, kind of build a wall where they don't let this painful stuff in they
Thomas: the and they convince themselves that No, everything is okay. I I wonder if making Evan confront this
Thomas: would involve him, acknowledging
Thomas: how painful the experience of reality is which might be. You know there might be a lot of pent up feelings there. It might be hard to do.
Joseph Howlett: Man. That is really the central question, right like. I wonder? Are there pent-up feelings there like
Joseph Howlett: I don't know like?
Joseph Howlett: You spend 15 min. You can get me to a dark place where where I'm focused on
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, us build the the experience of suffering and the the fundamental lack, and like
Joseph Howlett: so relentless striving of existence right like it's not hard to get there. But I
Joseph Howlett: It is hard to get him there
Joseph Howlett: so it like not non-superficially like right.
Joseph Howlett: and I I don't know that's that's an interesting question.
Thomas: So I think our idea here right is
Thomas: like we want you, said Step. 2 of the conversion. Experience is to have some crazy. you know, awakening moment step. One is being open to it.
Thomas: I think one approach to try and getting Evan. There is to hold an intervention and tell him
Thomas: what we think about him in his life, and how he needs to do better. and to I think we could kind of return to the scene of the crime.
Thomas: you know. Go back to his hometown, Sedona Arizona, which is a a hub, a hotspot of, you know
Thomas: vortexes like. I don't even know what they are like. There's all this stuff about how this vortex is out in the desert, and you can go there, and there's a lot of energy, and there's you know it's big for all different kinds of you know
Thomas: divination, and you know, using crystals. And I reading tea leaves, and whatever you know, I think they're doing some of the more advanced they got his Phds and weird shed. So yeah, so I I don't know. Maybe if we can go back to that place where he came from, where he had these early experiences, and I think turned away from them. Then
Thomas: maybe that's a place where he'll be a little more open to this kind of stuff.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, because when you go home like when I go home and I live in a normal place, or when I grew up in a normal place.
Joseph Howlett: you you! You cannot escape the pull of the past, or like the the weight of the past like it just
Joseph Howlett: it just has so much power to be in a space like that when the space is not
Joseph Howlett: actually magical, which he happens to come from supposedly the most magical place in the Continental us. So so I think it's perfect, and and
Joseph Howlett: not to put to find a point on their conversion thing. But or to do my, we can cut it. I'll do. My thing
Joseph Howlett: is that
Joseph Howlett: William James wrote this book in this seminal book about
Joseph Howlett: the nature of conversion. It's called the Varieties of Religious Experience, and he just like looks at all the different.
Joseph Howlett: All these accounts of people who have these conversion experiences and have really fundamental religious experiences. And he kind of says that there's a tipping of the die. I've I've used that metaphor before he kind of says that there's
Joseph Howlett: slow build and and the spark like it's like You need this kind of underlying, growing, subconscious
Joseph Howlett: miss feeling of mismatch between your inner self or between the world and the way the world should be, or your view in the way that your view should be like.
Joseph Howlett: You need this kind of growing, underlying despair that maybe you're not aware of, but
Joseph Howlett: but feels painful. And then you need. Then there's this kind of
Joseph Howlett: spark like intense. like a cute
Joseph Howlett: moment of of conversion like you need both. And I guess the question like one question we're asking is like like, when you look at Evan's life from the outside. It feels like
Joseph Howlett: the the the
Joseph Howlett: pieces are there right for for this conversion. It's like he's been in this plate kind of inertial place, and he's missing a lot of things, and
Joseph Howlett: I don't know we talked about it. but but like, maybe, then the idea is like
Thomas: if we can get him to kind of recognize that a little bit, and then put him in this place. That is magical. It's kind of like we to him up in the vortex. We'll do the rest of the work, you know. Yeah, you know. And I it. It's a difficult challenge, right? Because he
Thomas: you started that by saying you need to have this feeling that there's a fundamental mismatch between yourself and the nature of reality right?
Thomas: I don't think that Evan
Thomas: feels that way, or at the very least he doesn't acknowledge that he feels that way, if that's buried in him somewhere, which I don't know if it is
Thomas: you, but you got it if you look at it on paper. We both went to college at the same time.
Thomas: and, like he went in a bunch of different directions, but, like things are kind of like he never. It almost feels like a failure to launch in a way. I don't know that that's probably a little too harsh. I don't know if that's true or not.
But
Thomas: you know the way things are now. It seems not good like I'm. I'm sure. He'll tell you that. Did's going through a hard yeah, sure, yeah. And like we all do I? I I mean it. But it's I
Joseph Howlett: i'm wondering like, how do we do this like? How do we get them? What do we do on the call? Because if we ask
Joseph Howlett: what what I've noticed in listening to the tape is once you Once he realizes you're accusing him of
Joseph Howlett: clothes. Dean closed off. He starts talking about openness, and he starts being open, and
Joseph Howlett: but we're kind of fuck there because he knows us. What we're trying to do is prove that he's closed off, and I don't know we. We don't really have the receipts based on what I've heard
Joseph Howlett: to like. Do this. Gosh! A journalism thing where he is going to listen to it and be like You're right
Joseph Howlett: Closed off. You got me like I don't know. Yeah, I mean, there's stuff in here
Thomas: where I look at it. It it's a matter of interpretation, right? It's not so obvious that he's being closed off. But like.
Thomas: yeah.
Thomas: I I don't know, like, what do we say if we ask him, is it
Thomas: like, Are you truly open to the possibility that if you
Thomas: are, you truly open to the possibility that if you put this crystal in your pocket.
Thomas: It's going to give you more defense against dark energy.
Thomas: What do we say?
Joseph Howlett: He's just gonna be like, Well, well, yeah, man, I mean, my position is Why, I just don't know, you know, like
Joseph Howlett: like like oh, i'm i'm open to it. I just I I don't, you know I don't know. That's my position. I don't know, like I think I think he would. Yeah.
Thomas: would you have guessed, when we started this project that Evan was going to be the one that was most close off to this, I think. Obviously you're gonna You Were going to be the most open. I would have guessed it would have been me. Yeah, me, too. I thought it was going to be you. Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: Because he has this whole weird history about of doing all this weird shit he used to like, be a sun gaze there and shit
Thomas: right? Okay, yeah. So he
Thomas: he, what he revealed to us a year into this project is that he had gone to a psychic years ago, and he's experimented with. You know. His whole family went to this like
Thomas: holistic medicine Healer Guy, and you know I I think he might have attended some scientology meetings years ago. You know he grew up in the Roman Catholic Church. I think probably when he was a kid. I I assume he was a believer, at least for some period of time.
Thomas: He was one of these woo-woo people, and then it stopped.
Thomas: and I wonder why it I think
Thomas: my understanding of his life story is that during those times, you know, in his, you know adolescence, and then his twenties, you know, like things weren't really great emotionally.
Thomas: So maybe the part of the way he lifted himself out of that was involved closing.
Thomas: It involves closing himself off to some of this stuff.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, maybe yeah, I mean
Joseph Howlett: like that's what i'm hoping also to get out of this Sedona stuff is. I hope I hope his parents will be there. I don't know, like I want to
again like, Figure out how you make an Evan
Joseph Howlett: like, yeah, Where does that? Where, Where do you like? Fundamental ways of approaching things? Where Where does it STEM from?
Joseph Howlett: But we can him to speak on that.
Thomas: No, I his parents. Aren't going to be there, I don't think, unfortunately, but I talked to you know his mom. We went back and forth a little bit about it.
Thomas: which I don't think I haven't noticed.
Thomas: and she's into this thing called the aniogram. Have you ever heard of the eniogram?
Thomas: I vaguely but but remind me it. It's a thing that my mom is also into that I don't know much about, but my understanding is like when I hear about it. It's sort of sounds kind of like astrology. It says that there's like different types of people.
Thomas: and you can separate them into into these distinct categories and patterns of behavior.
Thomas: But you know what Linda Evans Mom has told me. No, no, this is not a we thing whatsoever. This is just like it for a study of
Thomas: human experience or something. Sure, I I got to look into it more. But she said, like this: this resistance
Thomas: to this stuff is part of who he is. I think, she said. He's
Thomas: eniogram type 7. I forget how many different types there are. Hold on! Let's Google it. 1 s
Joseph Howlett: classic, 7
Thomas: such such that it's
Thomas: any of them, I mean, i'll say so like, you know the Myers break stuff comes from you.
Joseph Howlett: and like you was a personality type, Guy and he was. Those are the most moving motherfucker, as we know. So I like
Joseph Howlett: all this feels kind of woo adjacent, which a lot of Evan's parents stuff that they're into is kind of blue, Jason from knowing them.
Thomas: Yeah, I I think that they're You know they're involved in the church. The very least. You know they're more open to the spiritual realm, that evidence for sure.
Joseph Howlett: and and the well, and the type of Catholicism they're into is like a kind of almost fringe level. Mystical? Oh, really, yeah, I mean, I I mean, they're definitely within the
Joseph Howlett: Institutional Church. But i'll say, like within that, those tight walls. They're definitely, very much on the like
Thomas: mystical side of things. Yeah, absolutely in what sense
Joseph Howlett: they're They're really big into this guy, Richard Roar, which is a he's I mean he's a big pop religion. self-help type, guy. But he writes about
Joseph Howlett: Christ as
Joseph Howlett: being this kind of spirit that's inside everything. And everyone, and it's more like it's less about knowing this person who lived 2,000 years ago, and more about knowing this thing that's already inside of you the way he talks about it is a lot like more. How medieval mystics.
Joseph Howlett: segments of the Church. That kind of fell away from the institutional Catholic church over the last 1,000 years.
Joseph Howlett: He kind of talks a little bit in those kind of terms, and and they really really love this guy, so
Joseph Howlett: I don't know it's like theirs is the kind of Catholic religion where, I think, if they talk to you about it, you would a little bit more be able to get down with it than Father Heisen and stuff
Thomas: that that's interesting. That makes sense. I I mean, I believe that from like my experiences with them from knowing them, that I think that's probably true. So I looked up with any ramp type 7. Tell me if this sounds like anybody that you know.
Thomas: Sevens are extroverted, optimistic, versatile, and spontaneous, playful, high-spirited, and practical, they can also misapply. Their many talents become overextended scattered and undisciplined
Thomas: they they they constantly seek new and exciting experiences, but can become distracted and exhausted by staying on the go. They typically have the problems with the patience and impulsiveness At their best. They focus their talents on worthwhile goals, becoming appreciative, joyous, and satisfied.
Thomas: Basic fear of being deprived and in pain basic desire to be satisfied and content to have their needs fulfill. Oh, it really sounds like him. I wonder what he would say to that. I think you should read that to him on the call.
Joseph Howlett: And yeah, I think it would be interesting to see
Joseph Howlett: how he reacts. Man.
Joseph Howlett: I just think about like how, whenever we can't put this in because it's like it actually makes me sad.
Thomas: How like.
Joseph Howlett: you know, he really likes fancy, and I stuff and like you're having a really really dope steak or something.
Joseph Howlett: Let's say you're you're having like the dop stick. Ever somebody grilled the dopamine stick ever, and you're you're enjoying it. The thing heaven will say is like, you know, what would be great with this
Joseph Howlett: like a really nice whiskey, but we don't have whiskey. It's like he's always.
He's always
Joseph Howlett: kind of
Joseph Howlett: trying to compare
Joseph Howlett: his present with the perfect version of the present.
Thomas: That's interesting. I I think he wouldn't see that as a painful thing, but I understand how you could look at
Thomas: that same coin and see it and see the way you're describing. It makes a lot of sense to me. Yeah, he would just say he likes nice like doing
Joseph Howlett: dope stuff. I don't, and I I I don't know. Yeah, I for me like it's it's that, though those fear it's the fear. And what was this thing after the fear, the contentment thing.
Thomas: the the the fear, is the basic fears of being deprived and in pain, and the basic desire is to be satisfied and content to have their needs fulfilled.
Thomas: Oh, go ahead. Key motivation as well. Oh, yeah, there's also key motivations. Here.
Thomas: Sevens want to maintain their freedom and happiness, to avoid missing out on worthwhile experiences, to keep themselves excited and occupied, to avoid and discharge pain.
Joseph Howlett: avoiding discharge pain. Is this stuff we're talking about? I mean, I think that Heaven really doesn't want
Thomas: of I mean, I don't know. Of course nobody needs to be in pain. Yeah. But
Joseph Howlett: the the the contentment, discontentment thing is really speaking to my feeling of like what i'm saying, he's always comparing his present with the perfect version of it. Right? It's like what what he scared of is not having everything he wants.
Joseph Howlett: What he wants is to have everything he wants.
Joseph Howlett: and that just sounds so treadmill and sad to me. But that's my view.
Thomas: Yeah, I mean, like the the perfect man right would be happy with whatever he had, because he's in the present moment and like, really, things are fine.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah.
Thomas: I don't know. I don't. Yeah, I mean, I I I want you to read this, I because i'm curious, first of all, what he I mean. He's going to know that we think it's true if you read it too.
Thomas: But we'll see what he says. And then I want to know what he, what how he feels about the fact that his mom thinks that about him.
Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: because like that hurts, too.
Thomas: Yeah, it. I I know it doesn't. Say this here, but it all. She also said that a thing with any Gram type 7 is that they start projects. They're really excited and really good about getting things going, but
Thomas: not so good about finishing.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, I mean you. You've known him longer like for me, I mean I feel like for this podcast, for instance, I haven't seen a decline in his I don't know.
Joseph Howlett: but
Joseph Howlett: so like I I don't know about that for me.
Joseph Howlett: but but you know you've known him longer.
Thomas: I'm waiting for my cuckoo clock to stop.
Thomas: We I think we're on sure 4 of 8.
Thomas: I think that's 6,
Thomas: 7.
Thomas: Oh, no, that was it. So what do we do on the call? We're gonna we're gonna read him that I mean, I think you have to read him that. Yeah, I I don't know, I think, like. Let's ask him whether he thinks that the 3 of us. He's
Thomas: the least open to this. Why, why don't we take some notes here? I'm going to put them in the wrong place, and then hope Well, no, I'm going to do you a solid. Put them in an appropriate plan. I it's also pretty important to get
Joseph Howlett: his view on his current position in life, right like, Where is he at now? So maybe we should start with that
Joseph Howlett: like, how do you feel about where you're at now? Because it's like, yeah, how do you feel about where you're right now and then, like?
Joseph Howlett: I think if he he talks about where he's at right now. from the perspective of decades, he'll say he's his best self.
Joseph Howlett: But if you're talking, if if you zoom in a lot more like in terms of years.
Joseph Howlett: the last the last year or 2, else I maybe he'll say it's been tough. I don't know like, do you feel like you're missing something, or do you feel this is what I want to ask him.
Joseph Howlett: Do you feel like something is missing, or do you feel like you're on the track to the success
Joseph Howlett: fulfillment fulfillment
Thomas: on the tractor.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah.
Thomas: Yeah, I mean, I can tell you what his answer to. That's going to be. He's going to say he doesn't feel like he's in this. I mean, he said, that very explicitly, a number of different times which is interesting, I guess maybe another question is.
Thomas: what's your response like, how do you feel knowing that
Thomas: me and Joey and your mom and Ashley, the psychic who only you for 10,
Thomas: all thought that maybe there's something that you're missing, and remember that time when I, fucking told you that being in a relationship is good, and you said I haven't got it, and it turned out I was right like
Thomas: Aren't, you wouldn't. Don't. You want to know if maybe you're missing out on something.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: yeah, absolutely yeah.
Thomas: Let me write that down
Joseph Howlett: and like, we gotta keep tying it back, not just to the Are you missing out on something? But the are you closed off?
Thomas: Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: And then I think it would be nice to kind of set up
Joseph Howlett: kind of incept the Sedona stuff a little bit like
Joseph Howlett: if we could get him to talk more about
Joseph Howlett: his memories there, of what it's like to be around all that stuff, and
Joseph Howlett: how it affected him. I don't know it'd be nice to get him thinking a little bit about the past. And Sedona and I don't know.
Thomas: Yeah, I mean, like great question, I think would be. You know you used to be a woo kind of person right? Can you tell me about that? Who that guy was? Yeah, yeah.
Joseph Howlett: me up.
Thomas: When did he turn away from this stuff. And why.
Joseph Howlett: yeah.
Joseph Howlett: I would even ask, like, what did it do for him to turn away from this stuff?
Thomas: Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, like what the fuck.
Thomas: I mean it. It makes sense to me.
Thomas: you know, because of my own experience, right like I was closed off to this stuff because I was going through a lot of emotional turmoil, and I wanted the world to be within my control, and therefore understandable, or maybe vice versa.
Thomas: And
Thomas: I was closing off all this stuff, and then I started opening my mind to the possibility that you know. Maybe there's some kind of interconnectedness that all living things have
Thomas: you know.
however, who you want to
Thomas: extend that to. and just the practice of being
Thomas: open-minded and not prejudging things and not reacting to them. I think that's a big one, not having this
Thomas: kind of emotional reaction that, like that is bullshit.
Thomas: you know, like the fact that I
Thomas: exercise that from myself. You know, I I think i'm still a pretty skeptical person. I don't know. I'm curious if you think I've changed in that regard. But like being slower to react, being more open to stuff.
Thomas: not necessarily believing that you know all of the various you know manifestations of spiritualism, and who and religion and ghosts, or whatever not to say. Those things are true, but just to.
Thomas: you know, be like well, I don't know. Maybe you know, like, and truly believe I don't know. Maybe
Thomas: you know that. Yeah, it's made my life better and easier.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, yeah, I mean. But it is important to. So like
Joseph Howlett: if the goal is to make Evan more like us like that's a
Joseph Howlett: I don't even want that right? So no, and like when I think about
Joseph Howlett: like what he would say is that people get from people use religion to deal with like
Joseph Howlett: pain inside themselves, and, like lacks a lack that they have, and like an their own shortcomings, and it fills this whole for them and all this stuff, and like, I would say yes to all of that, like like definitely, I have a bunch of weaknesses
Joseph Howlett: like I don't go to church, and then i'm perfect, you know I go to church, and i'm fucked up, and I need it because i'm fucked up like I don't
Joseph Howlett: claim to be
Joseph Howlett: more complete.
Joseph Howlett: Then Evan and I just want to either.
Joseph Howlett: I want to really either see if he is capable of a mystical experience, you
Joseph Howlett: or like, understand a little bit. I just want to like, see everything thrown at him at once, you know, and like. I want to see if it's possible.
Thomas: I feel the same way, you know, Evan, if you're listening to this, my belief is that
Thomas: Evan is a happier and better adjusted human being that I am that is more able to cope with the difficulties
Thomas: of human life.
Thomas: and I think his life is great. You know it's he! He's got his shortcomings. There's things that he wants that he'll get eventually that could be better. But ultimately his life is good, and I think it's on a good path, but I think there's a depth
Thomas: right. I think there's this part of life that he's not engaging with.
Thomas: and his life could be fuller and more rich
Thomas: if he managed to
Thomas: open up to this stuff and let it out, and or maybe let it in. And I think, if he did, that it would also help him reach all of these other goals.
Thomas: The hard part is, he's not we're going to tell him. He thinks that we think about him. He's going to say no.
Joseph Howlett: you know, like he's gonna get defensive. How do you break past someone being defensive? At least one so like. I don't know that you said you said it like. If he could get in touch with this part of life, his life would be fuller and more fulfilled.
Joseph Howlett: I don't. That's a question I have. I actually don't know that
Joseph Howlett: Well, that's that's kind of my fundamental question. I know that my life is fuller and more fulfilled by that. But i'm wondering are like.
Joseph Howlett: Is the priest right like it's. or or are there people who don't
Joseph Howlett: who wouldn't benefit by this stuff.
Thomas: you know. Just have nothing to gain. I don't know. Yeah, I I think that there are
Thomas: different ways to get. you know.
Thomas: fulfillment. If we want to call it that right. Some people get it through religion. Some people get it through work. Some people get it to family.
Thomas: I think that like to find meaning and understand your place in the world, and why things are the way they are and feel good about it.
Thomas: I think that's a really important thing, and you can get it all kinds of different ways. But you know, if we, you know, instead of talking about religion and spirituality talked about. I I don't know. Let's say food like maybe you'd never tried paprika
Right like. Is your life going to be better if you try paprika.
Thomas: and you open yourself up to the possibility that Pepper is a delicious spice. It's probably not gonna be better.
Thomas: but maybe it'll be more interesting, you know, like. I've never tried Salsa dancing. you know it. Would that would my life be better? Am I going to be a better person if I try it?
Thomas: I don't know. But if that if there's a list of wonderful things, and I found, and I find out that there's one more like I think that's good. I think that's something we haven't.
Joseph Howlett: But even that, I think, is a I think that's a part of your personality
Joseph Howlett: that when you hear that there's other things that that are in your life that are could be good. You want to try them and see if they're good for you, and then would add something like that is part of you.
Thomas: That's interesting. I think that's true.
Joseph Howlett: So okay.
Joseph Howlett: we we should, because I it is my girlfriend's last night. Yeah, here. So. But we
Joseph Howlett: we
Joseph Howlett: kind of know which things we're going to ask.
Thomas: Yeah, I've got it for questions here.
Joseph Howlett: We kind of know what he's going to say.
Joseph Howlett: But let's try to be open minded.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, what would be like a
Joseph Howlett: a happy end to the call. like a happy outcome for that call.
Thomas: I think.
Thomas: getting hearing his reaction to all of this stuff
Thomas: is going to be
Thomas: interesting, You know. I want to know how he feels about this. I I would love it if he we got to a point where he's like, yeah, I don't know. Maybe I am missing out on something I I want to know, you know it seems unlikely
Thomas: I I I would love to get him to recognize that there are ways that he's closed off to this, and maybe part of that is like asking him.
Thomas: Do you think that psychics
Thomas: our imaginary, that? Do you think you had? All of this stuff is bullshit like
Thomas: not.
Thomas: Are you open to having your mind changed? What do you think
Thomas: you know? Yeah, do you think you can answer that honestly or not? Honestly? But do you think, do you think that he would say the thing that we think about him
Thomas: which must be the truth? Let's find out. I mean, I don't know like like. I think.
Joseph Howlett: if we can avoid.
Joseph Howlett: to the extent that we can avoid comparisons between him and either of us.
Joseph Howlett: and leading more into comparisons between him and people out there who do this stuff. I think that will be helpful.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, cause I I i'm thinking about happy outcomes to this call, I agree, like all of his reactions will be happy, will be nice to have. Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: It would also be a happy outcome to this call if he doesn't feel like we think
Thomas: we have things figured out in life that he doesn't, cause I don't think I have anything figured out. Yeah, no, I think we just got to remember to say that at the proper places. Yeah.
Joseph Howlett: So then, then, the other thing is, I do think these are going to be like ongoing conversations, so
Joseph Howlett: we should kind of try to keep the shorter, I think. because I I I I do think it's like we want to like, start the seed of all of these conversations. And then I want us to be revisiting them throughout the trip, like
Thomas: in debriefs after things happen, or like, yeah.
Joseph Howlett: when we're having our beer at the end of the day. It might be interesting to like here, so like, come on, you didn't feel such and such when such until it happened, you know.
Joseph Howlett: So I think it's important to remember that these are ongoing conversations. So we're just posing a bunch of questions here to start the thing rolling.
Thomas: That that sounds good.
Thomas: I, you know. I think it might be a a good use of time to go through all of the things we found. But I also think that, like
Thomas: the chances of that aren't worth using up your your time with i'll, I'll pull the line. I I actually I thought I was going to have time to pull them before the call. There's like 5. Okay, i'll pull them and send you the way, file I if you go to the Sedona file.
Thomas: Oh, if you pull them that I mean, that's even better.
Thomas: Okay, cool. Oh, the other thing that's real quick.
Thomas: I mean, how many weeks until we're on a plane.
Thomas: 3, 2, and a half, 3.
Thomas: Yeah.
Thomas: So that's fucking, terrifying.
Thomas: I feel like of all people. You are the best at making like
Thomas: like the research part of this
Thomas: which isn't to say that you should go do all the work. It's not but like, how do we get from here to like a full scheduled weekend? What do you think?
Joseph Howlett: I think it would be really helpful to email that guy
Joseph Howlett: and Evans Par, you did an email a little bit with Evan's parents. I want to get some emails out to people
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, like in the next couple of days.
Joseph Howlett: saying like, Would you be willing to maybe have a call, or to with them? Because if they, if we can sell them on our a couple of people on our idea. Then we can get them to get their friends to talk to us. I think that's the difference between us being.
Joseph Howlett: I, you know, like
Joseph Howlett: customers on this trip or versus yeah journalists, you know.
Thomas: Yeah, I mean, like journalists can be customers, too, like, if you know, we have to pay, you know, a guide for their expertise and their
Thomas: You know their time. I think that's I don't think that violates journalistic ethics. Necessarily. I just mean that I don't want to pay for it. Yeah, I want to be like an insider for sure
Thomas: it. How do we didvy up the work, should we? Should? We just say all 3 of us are gonna. you know, find 5 spiritual things to do ideally different kinds of things.
Thomas: and like make a contact to the to people who do that thing by.
Joseph Howlett: If you.
Joseph Howlett: I think you and me should send an email like tomorrow.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, i'll email that guy that, I
Joseph Howlett: said, I think, is a really good idea to email.
Thomas: Can you read me eleven's, mom, and ask for some millions? She actually gave me. One person who knows about the eniogram, which I don't know whether we need that or not, but also a guy who, I think, does.
Thomas: who's like a family friend, perfect who does
like these fucking vortex tours.
Joseph Howlett: Can you email that guy and all email the other guy? Yeah, yeah, let's do that.
Thomas: And then we can touch base.
Joseph Howlett: because I think it's good to get a couple of things going now, because then there will be work
Thomas: the next few weeks. Yeah, yeah, okay.
Thomas: sweet, All right. I think that's probably good. Feels good. feels good, nervous. But we'll make it happen.
Joseph Howlett: Yeah, we will. We have no choice. Alright, yeah, Remember, Send me the wave.
Thomas: Oh, yeah, I'll do that right now. Thanks. Alright, Peace.